I'd like to define love for the record. Just to be clear, I've just broken up with a girl who I've known for a couple of weeks now. I hesitate to call her my girlfrend because I consider myself to already have a girlfriend. I guess that makes this a complicated story. It's true. But it doesn't change the facts. No one wants to be someone's seconds choice. And that's exactly what you have to do. Once you have a first choice, everything else comes after that...second at best. For a second I thought that everyone just wants to be loved, but then I though, everyone just wants to be the first love. The girl I just broke up with is my perfect girl in the short term. She is moving to China, I am moving to India, we both come from countries that make it extremely difficult to get VISAs, and we only just met less than a month ago.

My girlfriend (for lack of a better term) had inspired me to make by intentions 100% clear. There will be no misunderstandings. Every person that she is emotionally involved with knows that she loves me and that she is committed to me. This inspired me to do the same. I told every girl who was semi invested in my emotionally that I was invested in someone else and that the best they could do was 2nd place. I didn't say this directly, but now that I think about it, this is what I said.

Tonight I broke this to my friend. She didn't take it well. Tonight she is staying with another friend even though all her stuff is at my place. When she told me that this was happening, I started quizzing her. She  successfully evaded by persuasive questions and now I'm left wondering what love really is. Is it something that can be given to two people at the same time? Is it something to be jealous of? I don't know, but I would like to have a solid grounding. When you have an open relationship, you are bound to get tough questions. This is probably for the better, so lets figure this out now.

>**Love** is a variety of different feelings, states, and attitudes that ranges from interpersonal <a title="Affection" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affection">affection</a> ("I love my mother") to pleasure ("I loved that meal"). It can refer to an <a title="Emotion" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotion">emotion</a> of a strong <a title="Interpersonal attraction" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpersonal_attraction">attraction</a> and personal <a class="mw-redirect" title="Attachment (psychology)" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attachment_(psychology)">attachment</a>.<sup id="cite_ref-oxford_1-0" class="reference"><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love#cite_note-oxford-1">[1]</a></sup> It can also be a <a title="Virtue" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtue">virtue</a> representing human <a title="Kindness" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindness">kindness</a>, <a title="Compassion" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compassion">compassion</a>, and affection—"the unselfish loyal and benevolent concern for the good of another".<sup id="cite_ref-2" class="reference"><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love#cite_note-2">[2]</a></sup> It may also describe compassionate and affectionate actions towards other humans, one's self or animals.<sup id="cite_ref-Fromm.2C_Erich_1956_3-0" class="reference"><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love#cite_note-Fromm.2C_Erich_1956-3">[3]</a></sup>

I have no idea what was just explained. Pretty vague if you ask me. I like to think of love as acceptance. Acceptance of the good and the bad. In this way you can love everybody simultaneously without any problems. The issues arises when you have people who force their way into your life without an invitation. You accept these people for who they are, but you don't want them in your life. There is nothing wrong with this. It's a necessary part of life. But what happens when you accept a person for who they are, but they don't want to be in your life? I guess that's just life. You win some, you lose some.

I like to think that the standard narrative of love is wrong. If you try to separate the different kinds of love, eventually you will end up with infatuations. To me this is not love. It is lust, and should be recognised for what it is. A lot of people confuse this and that is where the problem lies.

How deep does love go? Is it purely an analysis of compatibility + acceptance? I don't think so. The relationship that has been build has got to count for something, right? So love is compatibility + acceptance + time invested? I hope not. That sounds too calculated. I would like to feel the relationship I have with my girlfriend is unique and can't be overcome. Of course it can if we are apart long enough. Time heals all wounds, and also destroys emotional bonds. Maybe its true. Maybe that's all there is.

What if I meet a girl tomorrow and by the end of the month the above equation balances in her favour? Do I try to ensure that that doesn't happen? Fucked if I know...

Jaz
