<blockquote>"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with."

-Jim Rohn</blockquote>
I agree with that quote. When I was young I was a raging homophobe. I once told my oldest friend that if he turned out to be gay, we could no longer be friends. Then I started listening to the <a href="http://sexisfun.net/podcast/">Sex is Fun</a> podcast. I was working a monotonous job at my local supermarket, making sure the shelves were nice a presentable for the weekends. 5-9pm Saturday and Sunday nights. Luckily the store was closed for most of this time so I could put headphones in a go on autopilot. The whole time I worked I listened to the Sex is Fun podcast. I listen to every episode of every season. Over 100 hours of listening to 4 people talk about sex.

The show is basically a group of sex educators picking a topic and talking about it. It's funny, entertaining, interesting, and they are very passionate about creating a sex positive culture. This mindset naturally rubbed off onto me. I believe that it was this podcast that caused me to become more open minded and accepting of the LGBT community.

It doesn't end there. Neil Strauss, Joe Rogan, Tim Ferris, Christopher Ryan. These are all people who have affected my life simply by my choosing to associate with them via the internet. The internet is a powerful tool. It allows us to follow anyone with an online presence. If we spend enough time reading, listening and watching the content these people create, they will slowly influence us. If you are quite impressionable like I am, you will find your thoughts change fairly quickly. For other people it might take longer.

The best thing is that you can easily use the passive power of influence to change yourself in the way that you want to be changed. It's effortless. All it involves is a little thought and being selective of how you spend your down time. First you need to find a mentor. Maybe it's a journalist, or an author, or an director, or any public figure. Just make is someone that you respect, and whose opinions you agree with. Some that you wish you were more like. If this person is alive today, they almost certainly have an online presence. This is where Twitter is golden. Get the twitter app on your phone, follow your mentors, and turn on notifications for their tweets.

Podcasts are another amazing inventions of the internet. Next time you're taking a long drive, don't listen to the radio, put on a podcast. There is a podcast out there for everyone. I don't have time to listen to all the podcasts that I want to listen to. There are too many good ones out there. If you don't know where to start, try <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKgeoQdHdqY">this</a>. Or just search your favorite topic in podcasts on iTunes.

If you are just idly rolling through life, bumbling around in the dark, you are wasting your time. If you're not moving forwards, you're moving backwards. Do yourself a favour and stop consuming mainstream media. Surround yourself with news and entertainment that comes from people you respect and admire so that their views, their thoughts, their personalities will rub off onto you and make you a better person.
