Before I started this wine appreciation course, I thought that pairing food and wine was the last mystery  of the universe. I've never been to a restaurant fancy enough to pair them for me, and wine pairing in recipes is either too vague or too specific.

I used to think that expensive wine was for guppies. Especially when you hear about the taste tests where the majority of people can't tell the difference between cheap and expensive bottles. After a few classes of wine appreciation I'm starting to understand. At my last class we tasted a Riesling, a unoaked Chardonnay, and oak aged Chardonnay, a Sauvignon Blanc, a Merlot, and a Shiraz. When I tasted the Sauvignon Blanc I though that it would be excellent to cook with. A few days later I cook up a gizzard and mushroom risotto which featured a little of the Chillean Sauvignon Blanc that I paired it with. The gizzards slightly dominated the meal, but overall, the wine tasted better with the food than without it. The idea was good, but the gizzards had to go if I wanted the dish to match the wine.  

The next day I bought the same 2012 Chilean Sauvignon Blanc and cooked the recipe that follows. Risotto is quite difficult to make in general and if you don't know what I'm talking about, stop reading this and start reading my last blog post:  An award winning risotto (INSERT LINK TO OTHER BLOG POST). Here goes:

Fry in butter: 1 onion (diced) ~ soft. Add 3/4 cup rice and coat in fat. Add 150ml Sauvignon Blanc &amp; simmer &amp; liquid is gone. Repeat. Repeat twice with stock or asparagus water. Repeat with water ~ rice is 5mins off ready. Add shiitake mushrooms (diced). When rice is cooked, adjust consistency &amp; seasoning. Remove from heat &amp; stir through creme, goats, or Parmesan cheese. Serve.
